[SSL] Fixed typo in disable-weak-cipher-suites.md (#12918)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/ssl/edge-certificates/disable-weak-cipher-suites.md

## Cipher suites and edge certificates

While the default cipher suites provided with [Universal SSL certificates](/ssl/edge-certificates/universal-ssl/) are meant for a balance of security and compatibility, some of them might be considered weak by third-party testing tools, such as the [Qualys SSL Labs test](https://www.ssllabs.com/ssltest/).

> If the Universal SSL offering does not meet your business requirements, you can use Cloudflare [Advanced Certificate Manager](/ssl/edge-certificates/advanced-certificate-manager/) to restrict the cipher suites used in connections between Cloudflare and your visitor’s browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Universal SSL offering does not meet your business requirements, you can use Cloudflare [Advanced Certificate Manager](/ssl/edge-certificates/advanced-certificate-manager/) to restrict the cipher suites used in connections between Cloudflare and your visitor's browser.
```
